Israel's military is already hitting
Targets in Rafa but prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu says a much larger
operation aimed at hamas's leadership
and its remaining battalions will
happen we'll enter Rafa because we have
no other choice we'll destroy the Hamas
battalions there we will complete all
the objectives of the war including the
repatriation of all the
abductees Netanyahu is under
International pressure not to launch a
full assault on Rafa where more than a
million Palestinians are Sheltering a
military assault on Rafa would be an
unbearable escalation killing thousands
more civilians and forcing hundreds of
thousands to flee also in the line of
fire would be Israel captives their
families protested in Jerusalem on
Tuesday demanding a ceasefire deal they
must do um what's necessary to protect
the civilians in in the battle space a
much better job of what we've seen thus
far and as you know there are north of a
million U civilians that have moved into
that space that if they're if you're
going to conduct operations then then
those civilians must be accounted for
and hopefully moved out of moved out of
the area as Israel's military says it's
ready for a Rafa operation Hamas must
now decide whether to accept a deal
knowing that Netanyahu has promised to
attack their last stronghold come what
may Hamas has always insisted on a
permanent ceasefire fire whatever
pressure there might be on Benjamin
Netanyahu from overseas or from the
families of the captives Israel's prime
minister relies on farri right ministers
to stay in power they want the raffer
assault to go ahead and call any deal
with Hamas a terrible defeat defy them
and Netanyahu could be out of
office Bernard Smith Al jazer occupied
East
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
here